c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\bin\Debug\HomeBook.exe.config
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\bin\Debug\HomeBook.exe
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\bin\Debug\HomeBook.pdb
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\HomeBook.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\Home.g.cs
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\HomeBook_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\HomeBook_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\Home.baml
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\HomeBook.g.resources
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\HomeBook.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\HomeBook.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\HomeBook.exe
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\HomeBook.pdb
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\Operations.g.cs
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\Operations.baml
c:\users\dimon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeBook\HomeBook\obj\Debug\HomeBook.Migrations.init.resources
